I had this epiphany what I'm learning
from this project and I I I literally
implemented last night. I had some work
I had to get done. I had to do some this
is for the PowerBI people on the on the
channel. This is a semantic model I was
playing with. I'm using an MCP server
for PowerBI desktop. So PowerBI desktop
comes on your machine. I can MCP my way
into the server and um the the MCP talks
to the PowerBI desktop and I'm able to
command it to do different things. Uh,
hey, make a measure, add some folders.
Any column that is a number, hide it,
and add a measure that does a sum on top
of that column. So, really neat things,
super powerful. But then I had this
epiphany. Uh, Armando thankfully had a
couple days before showed me this. At
the time we installed Claudebot, since
it's installed, it has now changed to
Maltbot. And now, currently, it is now
OpenClaw as the the name of the system
or the infrastructure. And there was a
learning for me that okay, I've given a
large language model full control of a
machine. And you'll see a lot of people
right now going out and I'm buying a Mac
Mini. I'm buying this computer. I'm
putting these things together. And the
reason they're doing this is because
they don't want it to be on their main
machine and they want to treat it like a
different employee.